buildings reduced to rule inat after
another day of Israeli boming
Palestinians pick through the ruins
searching for survivors but often all
they find are the remains of their loved
ones as they bury their dead many wonder
if the buming will ever
end we want them to look at us with
Mercy this is just wrong today no one
can stop Israel even Arab countries
can't
this is what our situation is like now
the cemeteries are everywhere and they
are all full nowhere safe even for those
who are trying to help the world food
program had only just resumed eight
deliveries to noring Gaza after a 3 week
suspension now they are stopping again
the UN agency says that it's simply too
dangerous air strikes are a constant
concern but with Gaza on the brink of f
salmon many trucks have also been looted
by desperate people with nowhere else to
turn the world food program says it
didn't take its decision lightly they
say a system needs to be set up to
ensure deliveries can be made safely and
a big part of this is opening more
crossing point to let in more essential
supplies until things change the future
for people in Gaza looks bleak Israeli
bombing poses an immediate Danger along
with the threat of
station tar abum Al jazer Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer